what's up everyone watering grass here
and welcome to another Pokemon giveaway
that's right except for this one's gonna
be a little bit different you see I'm
doing this one a sort of like a co-op
kind of thing with my good buddy Jordan
Japan Pokemon that's right George Japan
Pokemon and I are doing a giveaway
together he's giving away a ton of good
stuff you guys can definitely check out
on his channel if you have not checked
out his channel already you are missing
out he puts up some great great content
you can find a link down below in the
description and that's actually one of
the requirements you see to be a part of
this giveaway obviously I want you guys
to be subscribed to both me water and
grass and Jordan Japan Pokemon yeah my
latest pokemon x and y Wi-Fi battling
channel capital clefable you guys will
not be disappointed I promise you that I
promise you promise you and I be
disappointed but Caprica fable or George
me I'm pokemon or myself for that matter
plus you get free card so why not so
like i said i've subscribed to George
BAM Pokemon my new Wi-Fi battle capital
core fable and myself and of course you
gotta like this video let's like it
let's try and give as many people as
opportunity as possible get this video
out there give it a thumbs up all that
fun stuff now we got some really cool
prizes but before we get into these card
prizes let me tell you now if you go to
Capitol fable you should see a video up
not too shortly after this one in which
i will be explaining that i will be
giving away a bunch of shiny perfectly
ivied pokemon that will be also a part
of this giveaway so yeah I should
definitely a tune flat and that's why i
say go check out Caprica fable because
you never know what I'm gonna put up on
there so let's get into the prizes for
this channel now we have four prizes
very very cool and yes I say it on one
breath after I say everything I say like
one breath after time so I'm talking
really fast but fourth place we have
some really cool stuff we have the
evolution promos from the Sylvian
collection box we got Evie right there
you know and then we got is evolution
got vaporeon jolteon flareon espeon
Umbreon yawn yawn yawn yawn yawn leafeon
sylveon and of course very energy
because it's part of the promo set so
that's a pretty good fourth place right
i mean if you love you delusions these
are really really cool promos they're
beautiful I think that's pretty damn
good if you ask me and of course I'm
gonna go in a third place third place
we're gonna go a little bit old school
looking at some old school ultra rares
now i'm not talking about gold stars
obviously i can't afford that guys come
on give me a break here give me some
slack but we do
have some Prime's that's right we got
the johto starters right here we have
four alligator meganium and typhlosion
but that's aren't the only ultra rares
in third place we also have to shinies
from supreme victors we have the shiny
Yama and this shiny melodic so pretty
good prize for third place as well now
before I go on I just want to you know
just my last giveaway yes give you know
the giveaway winners from my last
giveaway were chosen and they did
receive their prizes and first place let
me tell you is very happy with it they
actually lived in Florida so it wasn't
really too hard to extend it to him so
that's pretty cool so I'm happy to do
that give away you know I took a little
bit long and I expected but you know I
had a little bit of financial situation
but that's what happens when you grow up
kids don't grow up too fast because when
you do everything hits you like a ton of
bricks and it sucks but hey that's part
of growing up let's get in the second
place shall we second place you receive
I mean if you thought third and fourth
place for decent you'll think this one
is absolutely incredible we got a ton of
VX cards right here we got a hero me X
from plasma blast very very very cool
card then we have a black your roomie X
because we're good where the kirin theme
here what's going on black hearing me X
this is from legendary treasures there
they're nice free shock right there and
then we have white kyurem PX now we got
all them Karamy X is right there then we
have these active CX reminds me of my
good friends at those TCG shout out to
him because why not that's from plasma
free storm freeze I think that there's
the exit ramp plasma freeze so you're
not pretty cool pretty cool we have that
original can't build legendary trio and
then we have tornadoes DX in his theory
inform so very very cool card windfall
is actually a pretty is actually a
pretty good card to play with you in
your plasmid XO not a bad quarter all
and then I Rayquaza e ex promo as well
so very very very very cool cards this
is this is the second place I mean look
at else we got one two three so you got
6 e ex is here guys 60 X is just for
second place what could possibly be in
first place well let's find out together
now shall we now I went through my
binder and I'm like man yeah it's time
it's time to part with some pretty good
stuff so that's exactly what we're gonna
do here we are going to part with a
thunderous fart that's right ladies and
gentleman this is from emerging towers
and it's a very very cool card very
awesome it used to be played a lot too
have tornadoes full art which is
actually the most common fort I've ever
pulled say now I'm not exactly too sad
to see him go I'm happy to give them to
you guys then we have a jirachi ax from
plasma blast very cool card we have a
lugia x promo not these are expensive
gotcha he's like six bucks a pop so I
mean mama it's not like I'm cheaping out
and you guys we got Luke Dax thunderous
TX and these are from the last wave of
tan it's not the sarnia sand you dealt
all yext inch but the last way before
those things and a deoxys e ex but wait
a minute there's something in a gold
sleeve back there what else could
possibly be back there uh oh oh oh look
at that it's a shiny reuniclus from
dragon exalted you must be thinking
what's he doing giving away a shiny
pokemon cards you crazy no I'm not crazy
all right maybe just a little bit but I
just love you guys so much and I want
you guys to really enjoy this field this
giveaway it's gonna end whenever Jordan
Japan Pokemon tells me it's gonna end
I'm push it a little bit longer so you
guys can get familiar with capital fable
and all that good stuff but I mean this
is a pretty sick giveaway if you ask me
like I said the only rules are you gonna
like this video comment down below
letting me know you like this video and
subscribe to Jordan Japan pokemon kappa
local fable and myself so anyway thank
you guys so much for watching I mean
like I said guys if you want free stuff
I got free stuff for you guys all I
gotta do is follow those rules again you
can find everything down below in the
description I always leave interesting
tidbits down there thank you guys so
much for watching remember to check out
capital / fable I know I promote that
channel up I just want to get it out
there guys give me a break and I will
see you all in the next video have a
great night have a great day wherever
you may be in the world and I'll see you
all next time bad I bye bye good boy